Team Profile

Ayyo wassup! My name is Lu Minh Khang, but you can call me Kent for short. My student ID is just after these two dots mark: S3863969. Sharing a little bit about myself, I like made rap, mixed beat, and, of course, sports, too, especially badminton. The story of how I get my attention in IT was started from a movie named “Mission Impossible,” and a person in that movie name Benji Dunn was inspired me a lot since then I began to learn more about the world of technology and virtual numbers. I also have many good experiences in IT, especially programming software and web-design (I study full-stack so front-end and back-end are both my fields). After all that time of experiencing and updating knowledge about this field, I learned that the world and people are only gorillas without technology. That's a bit of information about myself. This is Kent from the Crafty Circus team with hip hop and love.

Our team is a collection of the four most popular professions in the information technology world. We have Kultras game designer, Phong software engineer, Kent Full-stack/Back-end web, and Nhat programmer. The careers seem unrelated, but they are the pieces of a perfect IT team. In general, we all have the basic skills and knowledge of each other's professions and can always grasp and understand what the members are doing. About unrelated professions, but actually, we call that diversity of knowledge. Our team can execute and undertake almost any project in any field, but we feel most confident about games. It proves that we have Kultras, Phong, and Japan, which are all game-related disciplines, as well as designing a game-related software like app game. And me, I specialize in the web. I can create communities to promote, synthesize, and develop games. For example, there was a game named Adorable Home and this game has a very strong home page and fan page which we call web.



Industry Data

1. Base on current skills that my team already has, the most suitable Job Titles for us are Web Develop, Senior Full-stack Develop, and Senior Front-end Develop. According to statistics from 2018 up to now, web careers are more and more popular and require more skills. However, if you look at our Job Title, you will see Web Develop contains Full-stack skill which means both Front-end and Back-end are required skills and with my team, at this time we are stronger in the front-end and if we develop, learn more, Senior Front-end Develop is definitely a potential career for us.

2.1/Up to now, we are fluent in several programming languages such as Python, Java, JavaScript, Microsoft C #, Graphic Design, and enough to program, make games. The remaining skills are also in the curriculum and are the group's target knowledge to improve us in the future. But the web is still our strongest field. I am confident that my team can still accept small projects from employers.
2.2/To speak from the fact, my teams have almost as enough general skills on the list, which in that I’m the one who has stronger communicating, manager skills than the other members. If we can receive a project from employers, I believe that my team can make a satisfied 60% job level just for now.
2.3/About the IT-specific skill, it would be SAP, technical support, and ITIL.
2.4/About the general skill, it would be Quality Assurance and Control, Mentoring, Self-starter.

3. For the above datasheet, I have made some comparisons with some of the most up-to-date data. I draw the conclusion that change is obvious and even greatly changed the most clearly to see is web development in 2018 is a rare and difficult job but in 2020 it became popular and that required cutting-edge skills from employees in the same job.


IT Work

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZXZy4gWWS0
1. There are many different types of IT professionals that exist and do different job missions.  Each type focuses on more than one element of computer system analysis or maintenance.  For example, a programmer is an IT professional who creates computer platforms and programs by writing computer code. This particular position is often entry-level, but senior programmers take on more responsibility as they move up. These responsibilities include being in charge of their teams and fixing a damaged program or one that isn’t functioning properly.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGnrpha4Yv4
2. The work nature of an IT professional is accurate, specific, and non-redundant that is why IT professionals are able to work and adapt to many people from different fields. Especially in the field of business and advertising media. however, there are a few exceptions that IT professionals cannot interact with or work with like the general public or representative jobs such as press editors, commentators, and publisher activists.

(This one I take the answer from my own life witnessed and obvious fact)
3. The nature of the internet allows IT professionals to do their jobs from any location. But in certain instances, like when there is a hardware issue, the IT professional will need to physically alter the broken system. But the thing that makes them spend most of their time interacting is probably their laptop and computer.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adpQo4oI12s
There were two aspects that every IT professionals always facing are skills gap and workload. As a professional, learning and adaptation are always required and that makes them fall into the thirst of knowledge. And of course, with new knowledge, they always lack the necessary skills as they are professional they always required to do well and excel in the job, and it is obvious that work overload will come as a consequence.


IT Technologies
Nowadays, vehicles have become an essential part of human life. With the development of technology, all car brands in the world are now creating a trend with autonomous vehicles and environmentally-friendly energy. Until now, this kind of technology has brought back a lot of benefits. The most apparent utility that this technology brings is reduced accidents, reduced traffic congestion, and reduced air pollution. According to the USDOT website: "With 94 percent of fatal vehicle crashes attributable to human error, the potential of autonomous vehicle technologies to reduce deaths and injuries on our roads urges us to action.". Self-driving cars have the potential in the future to reduce deaths and injuries from car crashes, particularly those that result from driver distraction," said House Energy and Commerce Committee Ranking Member Frank Pallone, Jr. (D-NJ). The House Energy and Commerce Committee website clarifies: "Self-driving cars are projected to reduce traffic deaths by 90%, saving 30,000 lives a year.". The United States Department of Transportation (USDOT) predicts that the rise of driverless cars will see the number of traffic deaths fall drastically. In 2017 it reported 37,133 deaths as a result of vehicle crashes (94% of which are down to human error), so a 90% reduction would save 30,000 lives in a single year. Autonomous cars could eliminate the waves of traffic created by stop-and-go behavior (where humans, rather than road accidents, develop changes in speeds) according to research at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. This, in turn, will not only save people time but decrease the time their cars are on the roads and therefore reduce emissions. The same Rand report also predicts that lane capacity could increase by a staggering 500%. The State Smart Transportation Initiative only puts this figure at 100% (still an impressive increase), which it says, in turn, could result in a 20% increase in traffic speeds. Obviously, this type of technology has provided significant benefits, but besides that, it has disadvantages with high levels of danger and must be improved in no time. Though it has been successfully programmed, there will still be a possible unexpected glitch that may happen. Technologies are continuously updating, and almost all of this equipment may have a faulty code. Therefore computation and completeness must always be met. Although very modern when integrated with the vehicles, but in general, they are no different from a rudimentary computer prone to hacking. Autonomous vehicles could be the next major target of hackers as this vehicle continuously tracks and monitors the details of the owner. This may lead to a possible collection of personal data. To improve this problem is also very feasible. Fingerprint security or setting a password is the answer. As artificial intelligence continues to overcome the roles and responsibilities of humans, taxis, trucks, or even co-pilots may be laid off as their services will no longer be needed. This may significantly impact the employment rate and economic growth of a certain country. The last drawback that needed to be improved is non-functional sensors. Sensors' failures often happened during drastic weather conditions. This may not work during a blizzard or a heavy snowfall. Our technology still continues to develop and to be tested. Autonomous vehicles may provide a significant comfort we needed. However, we need to bear in mind that there are still disadvantages affiliated with it. All of the above disadvantages are always dangerous to humans but it is not possible to overcome. With the advancement of technology today, machine engineers and programmers are two key factors for creating and developing this type of technology. Besides, the budget is a deciding factor because the more modern the machine is, the more relevant it is required.

Traffic will be the most strongly affected by this type of technology. The incredibly complicated technology behind self-driving cars lets the onboard computer make hundreds of calculations a second. These include how far you are from objects, current speed, other cars' behavior, and location on the globe. These super-accurate readings have virtually eliminated driving errors for test cars on the road, as the only accidents so far are while human drivers have been in control. Because a vehicle may eventually function as a sort of self-guided train car, the potential for new car designs is enormous. Self-driving vehicles could include new ways to relax or stay entertained with no need for complicated driving tools. The new design opportunities are not limited to the interior; however, and self-driving cars may soon look unrecognizable to vehicles today. Ultimately, some people think cars could become like a high tech living room you kick back in until you reach a destination. Potential For More Powerful Vehicles because self-driving vehicles don't require a driver, technicians could rearrange where the various mechanical parts are stored. This may also lead to cars with more capable and powerful engines. With fewer driver errors, cars could eventually be capable of going much higher speeds. Cars could become like a high tech living room you kick back in until you reach a destination. Potential For More Powerful Vehicles because self-driving cars don't require a driver, technicians could rearrange where the various mechanical parts are stored. This may also lead to cars with more capable and powerful engines. With fewer driver errors, cars could eventually be capable of going much higher speeds. And the potentialities listed above have a common goal of serving people the best services, but currently, the price of the technology is very high, so it is mainly aimed at high-income citizens or the rich, business.

Unlike mere mortals, driverless cars don’t require a minimum following distance between vehicles. This means three driverless cars can fit comfortably into the space needed for one vehicle with a driver. Every lane of a motorway or freeway coming into a typical Australian city can accommodate 2000 vehicles per lane per hour. With driverless cars coming in, that could creep up to 6000. Which begs the questions: if you can get more out of one lane that you currently have, why build more lanes or more roads? In my opinion, driverless cars will solve some of the need to build more major roads. I don’t think we’re going to see many new major roads in our cities. About ten years from now, one of the lanes on major roads will be allocated for driverless cars and trucks. That’s going to have implications for fleet management, garbage collection, maintenance, street lighting – the list goes on. The way I see it, riding in an autonomous vehicle, won’t require a license. This opens up a world where the driverless car can drop the kids off at school while Mum and Dad make their own way to work, reducing the school drop-off and pick-up traffic that can cripple cities. For vulnerable members of society, driverless cars will mean freedom. People who have access issues or various medical conditions will now be able to access a car, and they don’t have to depend on the taxi service or relatives. For young families and couples struggling to get a foothold in the city property market, driverless cars will open up areas further and further away from CBDs. This technology is going to change the way the world evolves, and it’s going to change the property market. In Sydney, for example, a lot of younger couples and younger families will be able to buy a home way out at the Blue Mountains, because, on the way to work, they can sit back, have a sleep, or read a paper. I also imagine a scenario where city workers can catch a driverless car or bus to the station, and then transfer to high-speed rail. Retirees could also take advantage of this – those who fear to live too far away from hospitals would be more comfortable spending their twilight years away from the city if they could get to medical appointments quickly and easily. Twenty years on from now, you could find that the Sydney property market may not have such an exorbitant price, because people can live much further out of the city so there won’t be such a demand on the inner areas of Sydney. I also expect that driverless cars will make a massive impact on not just the death toll from road accidents, but on what is sometimes called the ‘hidden road toll’; people who have been maimed and psychologically scarred by road trauma. And, we’re probably going to be surprised by how affordable these high-tech machines will be. Most of these driverless cars are going to be electric. Electric cars require mainly an electric transmission, so they’re not going to have all the components that a petrol or diesel car has. It’s a much more efficient transmission, and it’s a much cheaper production.
