Machine learning is a subset field of Artificial Intelligence(AI) that involves study and improvement through experience. In other words, via machine learning, computers act without being explicitly programmed. Computers learn and discover from the provided information. Machine learning exists in many different forms , it gives us self-driving vehicles, effective research and browsing. It is pervasive in our world, think about millions of customers who buy thousands of online products daily, there are plenty of transactions. However, people do not buy randomly, they purchase certain subsets of products based on their necessities. This is the part where machine learning comes to use, it gathers information of every single customer and determines the factors hidden behind consumers' behaviour. For this action, computers will find the potential customers for certain products. Consequently, products get sold and consumers have what they need more effectively. Experts believe that machine learning is the best formula in making progress toward a world with no famine, no global issues or it can be said that a better living environment.Machine learning is one of the fastest growing fields of computer science. Researchers are finding new solutions to turn dormant information into useful products and services. According to the NCBI, Machine Learning will be critical for practicing medicine. For example, via patient-level observations, machine learning could join as a part of the diagnosis process, they are believed to give more reliable prediction. The second application of Machine Learning is in agriculture, most of agriculture technology is diverted to machine learning algorithms on the purpose of maximizing crop fields while minimizing inputs. Computers will enhance the crop's production through calculated selection and upcoming diseases. Additionally, machine learning is a powerful tool that provides farmers the right management, irrigation and detection. Many prominent AI researchers like Ray Kurzweii and Eliezer Yudkowshy, conclude in the book called our final invention, that AI as the name suggests is our final invention. Imagine a world where computers could learn and invent new creations billions of times faster than humans, there would be nothing that we actually need to create. Through self-improvement, machines could outpass our understanding and eventually our lives will be automated. In the short future, scientists believe that machine learning is a huge opportunity to change human society and reduce poverty and inequality drastically. Firstly, machine learning will have a significant impact on economic development, as human forces are gradually replaced by machines, initial cost for employees will decrease. This will lead to the lower-price product yet, better quality. For this reason,  cases of famine and poverty are less likely to occur. Moreover, Artificial intelligence would enable us to find the best solutions for energy crises. More effective and cost-efficient means of generating power would be discovered by AI. Machine Learning has been around us for decades, however, they are narrow AI which means they are only capable of doing the predictable task. We have not seen a chess AI, which could learn all strategies, starts to learn ,for example, baking. Computers have all the information on the internet and they know it all. To illustrate, a human with all that information he could potentially reshape the world, conversely, a computer having that much data in its memory may not do anything outside of the given task. Therefore, the first obstacle of this development is the process of turning information into usable knowledge. Data is generated every second, it grows larger and larger daily and to keep up with this serious extension, higher data storage should be considered.
Impact
Machine learning has coexisted with humans for decades, therefore, many researchers believe that Machine learning will have a dramatic effect on our daily life. Machine learning would change the economy, solve our global issue and enable us to become a galactic species. Many aspects of life will be completely different than it is, for example, we may have an AI teacher, who could be supervising students all the time. To the economic structure, the whole system may be entirely modified, there may be no workers and machines are in control of the place. This results in higher productivity but lower initial cost and the products could be cheaper. Consequently, the products become more attractive to society and businesses will have more opportunities to grow. Let's have another look in the science field, a computer that has a profound insight surpassing all humans on earth could multiply itself to thousands of copies and we will have a no man army of researchers. This army is more willing to take fatal examinations which humans hesitate, as a result, science would advance to a level out of our imagination. However, the whole community is the one to be most affected, due to the change in trends, lifestyles with no preparation like businessmen or scientists. More sci-fi concepts would be taken into consideration, humans one days merge themselves with technology. It may seem unacceptable to some people, however, this also makes them behind others. On a smaller scale, we may have smart facilities that adapt and update usually to suit everyone. Imagine when you go shopping, a cart automatically follows you and navigates the direct way to get the tools you need. Overall, the society will be the most affected. In the past decades, few jobs have been taken by machine and this trend is continuing but with a higher rate. Physical works have the highest chance of being taken out by AI, then works related to optimization will be the next target, including journalists, reporters, analysts and even teachers. Only the creative jobs are the one in clear protection.
Personal
I do not have a positive sentiment toward this technology, it is not about the loss of jobs, it is the loss of meaning that makes me uncomfortable in this scenario. We, humans, work is the reason we existed, the ethic we find supply and raise the family has been around since first life on earth emerged. Work is the reason I go to school, the reason I study hard, the reason I connect to strangers and the loss of work does mean I could just entertain and leave work to computers. It is not the future I may want, there is no competition, no reason to make an effort. The life there is not comfortable at least to the one who wants adventure like me. Life would be mundane. Secondly, it would be strange if a high-tech species, robot with advanced machine learning technology, works for humans. We take advantage of other animals because we are smarter but the same story will not be true to AI. In the far future, I wonder whether humans are in control of the world or become pets or test samples of AI like what we did to lower intelligent animals. However, I would at least feel the fantasy of this development as I am still a fan of sci-fi. A near future seems promising to me, I may have an assistant that never betrays me, a supporter in study and life. Then my achievements would be different. I think how smart and AI is, it would never be a real human and can not replace friends and family. Therefore, I hope my friends and family would never abandon any members since they have a machine friend. In my opinion, my parents would be the ones left behind by this development as they are not adaptive to such significant changes, so, I believe their lives would not be much different to this life.

https://primo-direct-apac.hosted.exlibrisgroup.com/primo-explore/fulldisplay?docid=RMIT_ALMA71250304220001341&context=L&vid=RMITU&lang=en_US&search_scope=Books_articles_and_more&adaptor=Local%20Search%20Engine&isFrbr=true&tab=default_tab&query=any,contains,introduction%20to%20machine%20learning&sortby=date&facet=frbrgroupid,include,1712963182&mode=Basic&offset=0

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machine_learning
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5070532/

https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0168169918304289?casa_token=wHaCsVsb4w4AAAAA:_FUIyly6m6lsZ0HKqXgwXnV3CN8mJE9whDkvmBEFyN317-Xf8d5r-z24FvSXkPb1M5HOHmjwq2Q
https://projects.iq.harvard.edu/files/pegroup/files/athey2018.pdf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajGgd9Ld-Wc
Our Final Invention
https://science.sciencemag.org/content/293/5537/2051.full

Game Developer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_TxH59MclA&t=558s

He is a game Developer in the Programming field. Being a programmer he does not interact with people much and if he does, the people he interacts with should be his collaborators, boss whose jobs are IT professionals. He spends most of the time for programming in the working area, however, he could play video games at any time for refreshment. The problem comes from this too, he has to sit at work for a long period of time in other words he is living a sedentary lifestyle. This potential leads to health issues in the future.

IT Manager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFhuMGanjT8
Simon is an IT Manager working in the Data Systems field. His work relates to his staff 's activities, he also works with other managers such as project managers and business managers. His staff are IT professionals, while other managers will be working on other fields. He also has meetings with his staff to discuss their performance and has conversations with customers who are clients. His work is portable meaning he can work online at home or even when travelling. The hardest part of this position is probably sharing the same visions for all his staff. People usually have different solutions to approach the issues, therefore, creating a vision that can be spread among people can be challenging.

Software engineering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kas2jBObUY
Mayuko is a software engineer. 20% of her time, she works with Product Managers, designers and her colleagues to get the right aim for the work. Then 70% of her time is for product development, she sets up plans, codes and fixes errors. The rest is for other conversations. There is no clue of where she works but being IT professional, people are more likely to work at anywhere of their choice. The challenge of this job is to have a precise plan and stick with it. Following plans and keeping on track of the work could be difficult because many incidents could occur like family issues that make you late for the deadlines.

IT support specialist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1l3kKBEEQIo
Dakota is an IT support specialist, he is responsible for answering emails and phone calls. He helps people with their IT problems by taking through steps and light them the way to perform certain tasks. His other responsibility is to keep track of his employees' work updated. He works with mostly other IT professionals. Like other IT professionals his job is also portable, therefore, he works anywhere he wants and it can be on a trip. The challenging aspect of his work is communication, finding the right explanation is not an easy task.
