The order of our members has no meaning in this feedback.
First of all, about Khoa, who is pretty good at coding already, therefore he is a guy who designed our website.
His coding compared with other members is completely different. Therefore, he usually reminds us to keep track of the assignment.
Second is Kent, he is great in coming up with ideas for the project but his idea is actually kind of impossible for us at this time,
his ideas always big and needs to spend years to complete. Therefore, I will not say it is his weakness, it is great but it is quite not realistic.
About Phong, he is excellent at explaining all the requests that the assignment asks us to do.
Thanks to him, our group is not as struggling as we think we will have faced, we are able to understand and get the assignment much easier and clearer.
Lastly, about myself, I am an absolute neutral. I am like a combination of three of them, not including coding skill,
I think that I am good at management that breaks down big tasks into small ones in order to let our team have the same amount of work.

Group Reflection
Overall, our group is able to complete the assignment before the deadline and that is the great thing for four people working together as a team. Moreover, four of us have the same idea about the project that we all really want to make a small game, more fortunately, we are able to decide on the game immediately without having any arguments. Things we could improve during our first assignment working together that if we are more focused on the assignment, we could have it done earlier than we thought. Because as the teacher said that each of us just need to spend 6 hours to have this assignment done. There are two things surprising that in the group we have the same idea for how the assignment will work and how it will be done. Second is that we have a guy who is intermediate on coding a website, therefore, our website for this assignment is absolutely outstanding. I have learned that as we are doing in the group together, we should report to our group the work day by day. Because we only set a deadline and when the deadline was, some of us still had not done our work perfectly. Therefore, next assignment, we should check the work every single day. Fortunately, all is done before the deadline but there was a little struggle. Thanks to Github, we are able to keep track of the work of members of the group but it is not perfect. Because we are not used to using Git to commit. The case is that we only commit the code as soon as each of us finish the whole work. Therefore, there is just a few commits of each person.
