IT works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Lyoiu2OVyU
Cyber security professional has a sort of simple daily routine. Each day could be the same, sometimes there is a little difference for urgent situations. 
The man named himself for his Youtube channel is DC Cybersec. Each simple day begins with a cup of coffee and spends time walking with his dog around his department
while brewing his coffee. Then, the Cyber Security goes straight to the workplace as soon as it starts at 8:00 AM. First thing is done every morning at work is about to go
through all the emails to check for urgents, if there is any urgent, it could be done on the spot, if there is none, he will continue working with his colleagues 
who could be a cyber security. They are working on Security Matrix and trying to hack the matrix. The process could be analyzing what could harm the system,
particularly what kind of threat it is, how many solutions there are, and what it will harm. Then, they put them on the scale level from 1 to 5 (harmless to mostly dangerous)
and then coding to figure it out. Time in the morning is about to work and figure the problem. Time in the afternoon which is meeting, he meets his managers or clients
to keep track on the problem they are working on to let them know that the process is going positively or negatively in order to handle the problem as soon as possible.
Work ends at 3:30, which means 7 and a half hours working at the workplace. The rest of the day, he spends time with his friends and then go to rest. 
It sounds pretty much perfect and not any hurdles for the Professional. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTxo-KZ-JbY
This is video is about a woman IT Professional who is know working as business analyst.
She starts a day from very soon in the morning which is 5:45 A.M to work out. Work out in the morning helps to release all endorphins and stress 
to free your brain and push up your energy for the new day starting. Taking care of her dogs and eating breakfast, checking for emergency emails to reply. 
Although it is just 8:00 A.M in the morning, she has already had a call from her clients. A busy day for the lady from 8 in the morning to 4 in the afternoon
while she needs to be on phone contacting with different clients doing business in IT area. Other days, she can have meetings with her co-workers 
if she does not have any calls. It seems very exhausted for a business analyst in IT area while in the video the lady does not have any time for eating. 
Her lunch was done while she is on her talking on just a little piece of bread. Her work ends at 4:00 P.M and then she just goes straight home to take care of her dogs again.
After arriving home, she still needs to have all her own work done before it is too late in the evening. Like responding emails, edit videos for Youtube channel,
studying more for her jobs or something she likes. Not until doing household like cleaning kitchen with all the mess she left in the morning, she goes to bed before 11:00 P.M.
Because all the IT professional always sleep before 11:00 PM if there is not any hurdle or urgent works need to be done. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_TxH59MclA
A day life of a game programmer. No need to wake very early in the morning because most programmers work at 10:00 A.M which means they have time to sleep more in the morning. 
But in this video, the guy wants to wake up soon because he walks to work instead of driving for a little exercise. A programmer, who most people think they just only code,
they also need to contact with different colleagues in different department to discuss about the project that the company is working. Every 2 hours the programmer will 
take a break, or short break in order to balance health and work. Everyday he needs to code to let the program run as well as the client or senior managers want him to do. 
Then everyday the programmer team will have a short 30-minute meeting to report and review how well the program is running and then fix for the next work. 
After the meeting, programmers will check what they are not sure about they need to ask who in charge on the spot to solve the problem immediately,
for example, after meeting he needs to meet finance department to keep track and question about expenses to manage the project run well but not fail the economy of company. 
Sometimes, because of schedule or how large the project is, their team needs to separate the meeting into 2 to let the other members know about the process. 
Then before going home, the programmer always write down all works that he has done for today in order not to forget and tomorrow he will know what should continue.

Personal Information & Team Profile
My name is Nguyen Hoang Minh Nhat. My student ID is 3765963 so the email address is s3765963@rmit.edu.vn. I am Vietnamese.
Then, just a little bit about myself that I want to write down, that is I am not an introvert. I am lazy whenever nothing can interest me to do but as soon as I like it,
I spend all the time for it, days and nights. I like playing badminton and soccer, but I do not have time and partners to play with, I can be in any group and type of people. 
There is a long story for me about absolutely studying Information Technology. Since I was in grade 11th, I wished that someday I could create something innovative just like
Apple or Microsoft. First it was a dream, then my brother said that IT is one of the most difficult majors in which students graduate very few. At that moment, I was scared, 
I listened to my parents apply into Hospitality in RMIT. Right there, after two semesters studying, I had found myself getting bored because of business.
I found Daniel Shiffman channel who teaches JS, HTML, CSS, ect,.. I admired him and started learning code from him and Processing was the first application which 
I wrote down my first code. Now, I am going to be a Junior then further due to learning all courses in RMIT. I am wondering if RMIT or me or could be both will help me 
to be good at using code to help people. When I tested an online application on a browser about my personality and my learning style, I have recognized a lot of things
about myself which I do not know about until they analyze me. Firstly, it is the 16Personalities testing my traits and the result definitely surprises me.
The result in general is telling me that I am very energetic in everything and working with feelings, following my heart more than following my head. 
I am quite worried about this part of mine. I know that I am judging everything by my feelings but sometimes just following my heart only hurts myself and my life. 
Fortunately, I have not done anything which makes me disappointed yet. Moreover, this test will explain reasonably why I am a tactile/kinesthetic. 
This style of learning is about combining movements and studyings altogether to imagine how the study will flow in my brain. My last test from Big Five, the in the OCEAN, 
I am most of the A which means Agreeableness. It means a person with high A will trust their people, always care about others explaining how sympathetic
I am which means how I am working with feelings more than logic.

IT technology
Cybersecurity is an application of technologies and a process to take controls in order to protect everything relating to Information Technology (IT),
for example, systems, networkings, hardware, software, devices and data. All applications of technology relating to security ensures that none of cyber attackers
is not be able to access, manipulate, steal data . As soon as cybersecurity is working in the IT industry meaning many types of cyberattacks are prevented. 
It is a positive signal for not only small but also large business because in the history of IT industry, there were numerous dangerous cyberattacks, 
for instance, The Melissa Virus happened in 1999, which infected Microsoft Words, that all infected documents were sent randomly via email as attachment.
This issue at that time cost Microsoft $80 million in damage. Even though the creator said that he did not do that intentionally, he was still imprisoned; Gonzales,
an American hacker from Florida, who robbed tens of millions of credit cards from financial institution and some large companies in 2009 including 7-Eleven,
which is one of the biggest business about convenience stores at that time still being robbed; Google China being hit in 2009, at that time many Gmail accounts 
were being accessed without permissions. Most notorious cyberattacks just happened before 2010 and now it reduced a lot thanks to cybersecurity. 
Because of those situations, many businesses from small to large are willing to pay a lot of money to secure their system and data. 
Meanwhile, there are some powerful tools created to help those businesses against viruses. Malwarebytes, which is an application of technology, prevents your applications 
from Malware or against the issue happening to Microsoft. Malwarebytes offer users three different prices in order to be appropriate for small and large business,
it also offers a small price for home business. Mimecast is helpful for small businesses to protect their emails from the external attackings taking credit card numbers 
and being blackmailed. Bitdefender Total Security, this is recommended for large companies in order to protect your process of online banking while your company wants to
transfer a big amount of money. The tools cost you over $40 but it is only half price for those who pay for a whole year applying for 5 devices, especially, 
Bitdefender Total Security also gives you trial for 30 days. At the moment, there have been a lot of home businesses which are smaller than small businesses,
those home businesses usually pay for creating a website without using any cybersecurity. Webroot is a recommended tool for home business because without protection,
the cyber attackers can harm your business all the time without warning and noticing .Those 4 suggestions are recommended for all businesses while they are working, 
it can be paid for the whole year with appropriate price or just only a month with small price. Therefore, in the future there will be more advanced tools that can replace
those old applications. Because of the development of technology, new viruses will appear and damage the IT industry in general. Imagining that in the future, 
those tools would be too old to handle the problem, the new viruses will attack both tools and applications at the same time and create double damage to the programs and systems.
Thus, as far as in the future, those tools need to be upgraded by that company or they could create an absolute new one. This can explain the reason why those tools or
new applications always cost your businesses an amount of money to not only maintain the tools working correctly but also to develop for the new one or upgrade for the old one.


What is the likely impact?
SInce Cybersecurity is being developed strongly in the IT industry, which affects and resolves numerous problems and huge issues in business including home business, 
small business, large business. Cybersecurity is the application anti Cyber Attack (CA), CA has caused some problems like stealing company information, disturbing money trading
in business to business, especially and dangerously, CA is able to get payment card details of company. Without Cybersecurity, these causes have failed the company and made 
it become bankrupt. Therefore, the IT department is the one who has full responsibility for this issue because they are people who have interacted with technologies earliest
and fastest, they need to have acknowledged about those cyber attackers, the earlier they recognize, the less causes the company takes. 
Since Cybersecurity is one of the most compulsory parts of a business, it creates a chance for those who want to work in the IT department and have interest in technologies.
However, requirements for this position can be stricter and harder than others because it not only requires skills in technology but you also need to follow and keep track 
on news about technology day by day to get more information about what is happening in the IT industry not to let your company use obsolete technology. 
Having skills in this position is one of fundamental requirements for interviewees which means everyone can have the same skills and makes this redanduncy. 
New is better, however, interviewees need to have skills in analysis for applying suitable new technology in the project of the company running or the company will have to lose
all of money due to running after new technology all the time causing wasting time, money and human resources. Therefore, Cybersecurity is such an important role
which is indispensable for any business from home to small and especially large businesses. 


How will it affect you? 
Cybersecurity affects those who are using technology directly and also affects those who are not using technology indirectly. 
I am one of those who are currently using technology in order to get my life more convenient, safer and better. I am currently a student and 
I am not having any job in any company, thus, most of the time cybersecurity helps me deleting applications before I use it.
Many years ago, I did not have any knowledge about viruses that are able to be created in all applications having already been cracked. 
Therefore, I just used it without thinking of any risks that my laptop would have. Those years, my laptop did not have any anti virus so it usually killed my laptop all the time
and needed a whole day to setted laptop up again which wasted a day not doing anything without the laptop. 
At the moment, I am studying in RMIT, which is the perfect environment for applying Cybersecurity. In university, I need to do a lot of research for my assignments, 
there are tons of sources while I am researching but some have viruses and have sensitive contents. Thanks to that, I am able to get more reliable information without
worrying about any virus killing my laptop or sensitive contents pop up on unreliable websites. Including my family and my friends who suffered all the situations that 
I mentioned above have the same feelings that Cybersecurity is enormously helpful in our lives. Saying Cybersecurity is important but it is always dangerous because in VietNam,
it is still not a big problem and strong policy for those who break the security of private life. There were issues of popular people’s 
videos being leaked because of weak security and no strong treatment on those who had done it.





Ideal Jobs
I want to be a game developer. This position is usually misunderstood by beginners. 
Developer is not only just Coding but it includes Designing, Content Creator, Music Producer, etc.
Mine wants to be an absolute Programmer who does the code to connect all parts of the project to run the game and create the gameplay.
Currently, this position needs basic knowledge in C# and OPP, especially Java and software for 2D and 3D games. 
Basically, Unity is free, it is the most popular one for beginners. Most famous game is made from Unity because it is suitable for the type of game which is called Indie game, 
easy and simple. 



